# Project Proposal
###	For my final project, I will be creating a game of Frogger. It would be a windowed application that would require user input. The user would use the arrow keys to try to get the frog across the street without getting hit. Every time the frog moves, the game would generate a sound and if the frog was hit by a car, it would generate a different sound and end the game. The user would win if they were able to successfully cross the street without getting hit. The game would be fairly simple. It would need to keep track of the frog’s position as well as check if a car hits the frog, which would end the game.
  
###	For this project, I will be using Allegro. Allegro is a library meant for video game programming. It can create windows, accept user input, draw images, play sounds, as well as many other important features. All of these features would be beneficial to my game because those are all the features I need. Luckily, there are plenty of tutorials on how to use Allegro. One resource I will be using is the following tutorial: https://wiki.allegro.cc/index.php?title=Allegro_5_API_Tutorials. It provides examples on how to create an image, display a window, sound, as well as other features that I will need to create this game. My siginificiant open frameworks library will be ofSoundPlayer.
  
###	I think that this project is doable however I know that I will have a hard time with making objects move on the screen. For example, the cars in the game have to keep moving continuously in a loop until the game is over and I will have to figure out how to be able to create that in a way that makes sense. I will also have to create all the images and backgrounds, which may be time consuming. This will be a fun project and by using Allegro, I will be able to create a game that works and has interesting features. 
